Distant target reaching on large multi-touch public walls
Comparision between Flow and The Vacuum with distractors


Based on seminar work for University of Helsinki, Department of Computer Science
Advanced technologies in interactive systems seminar, autumn 2010

Authors: Markus Penttilä, Aki Reijonen, Niko Kiirala

Compiling instructions (Linux):

Install Cornerstone SDK from Multitouch Oy (http://cornerstone.multitouch.fi) 
and setup the correct runtime configuration.
Install Qt development libraries.

Run 'qmake' in the program directory (/distort).
Run 'make' in the program directory.

Operating instructions:

The compiled executable named 'vacuum' takes as parameters:
--css style.css
--players number_of_players
--displaywidth width_in_millimeters
--mode distort   (where distort == flow, default mode is vacuum)
--start left     (default is start from right)
--density float_value (density of distractors)
--wordfile filename_prefix (default is targetwords, and the expected file is targetwords.1.txt for first player, targetwords.2.txt for second)

e.g. ./vacuum --css style.css --players 1 --displaywidth 518 --mode distort --density 0.5

Provided are run scripts run_distort.sh and run_vacuum.sh that can be edited for
correct display width.


Included Box2D libraries license:

Copyright (c) 2010 Box2D contributors

This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
arising from the use of this software.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
freely, subject to the following restrictions:

   1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
   claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software
   in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be
   appreciated but is not required.

   2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
   misrepresented as being the original software.

   3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source
   distribution.
